Pugano (Right): Ah, taking a break with a nice game of Sigmar’s Garden, I see.
Saverio (Left): Yes, but I'm trying to spice it up a bit by including more metals.
Pugano (Right): How would that work?
Saverio (Left): Well, you need to clear all of the lead atoms before you can clear any tin, for example.
Saverio (Left): Additionally, you can match two metals if they are the same.
Pugano (Right): Ah, that's reasonable.
Saverio (Left): And techincally, these rules are compatible with standard play!
Pugano (Right): Well, go on then, I want to see how it plays out.
 
----- After winning 1 game.
 
Saverio (Left): Well, it certainly plays differently.
Pugano (Right): A bit tricky, what with the metals locking up more of the board.
Pugano (Right): And you need to carefully ration your quicksilver, or you can get stuck.
Saverio (Left): True. But I do like the extra sheen the iron and copper proxies provide.
Pugano (Right): "Iron and copper, copper and iron", do you ever stop thinking about them?
Saverio (Left): Not really, no.
 
----- After winning 5 games.
 
Pugano (Right): Must be having fun with that extra-metals variant you came up with.
Pugano (Right): You haven't put those metal proxies back in the kit.
Saverio (Left): The what? Oh, you mean the marbles.
Saverio (Left): No, it turned out quite well, I think. I was worried it wouldn't be as fun.
Pugano (Right): I would have assumed you'd get stuck more often.
Saverio (Left): It's certainly nerve-wracking to take something that works so well, then modifying it to make something new.
Pugano (Right): "Nerve-wracking"? My word, Mr. Daas, it's _a game_. You're making it out to be some kind of large-scale project.
Pugano (Right): It's not as if our lives, or even our reputations, are on the line.
Saverio (Left): Even if no one else saw it, I'd still want to put in the effort and have it succeed.
Pugano (Right): At any rate, you're having fun. Don't get too absorbed, though.
 
----- After winning 10 games.
 
Pugano (Right): *Ahem*.
Saverio (Left): Oh, sorry Jay, were you saying something?
Pugano (Right): Yes! I was asking about this silver paint order.
Pugano (Right): You failed to specify what reagent to use as the metal source.
Saverio (Left, Reversed): Let me check what we have in inventory.
Saverio (Left, Reversed): Goodness, we were this low on iron? Ah, but more copper than usual - use that.
Pugano (Right): Reject to replenish the iron, project to supply the silver. Clever!
Saverio (Left): Good man. Now, where was I...
 
----- After winning 25 games.
 
Pugano (Right): I can't believe you're still playing that game. Don't you have work to do?
Saverio (Left): Don't forget who's paying who.
Saverio (Left): Besides, we don't have a big rush of orders at the moment. It's not as if we have some nefarious plot to execute.
Pugano (Right): ...please keep it that way.